# Cau-Mobile 
The Cau Mobile app was created to help make campus orientation and tour life more innovative. The app was originally designed to connect the user to CAU admissions, news, events, and campus maps. The innovations we are planning to do will not only technologically advance the app but CAU. This app will work as a tool for virtual touring, a virtual paw card, along with other features to aid in learning our beautiful campus. The reason for creating this project is to help Clark Atlanta facilitating tours regardless of staffing and the availability of tour guides. Potential students and guests come to tour the campus, and when there is no available tour guides, it truly devalues the experience and outlook of this university. To resolve this issue our team decided to make an App that allows students, faculty, and visitors of the university to have a sort of virtual tour or informational notification on their phone they can access information stored in our database about the historic campus landmarks,
 
The prototype of the app will involve sensors, actuators, GPS, as well as tap technology that will be used to power the app and its many features. The app will be a great service for anyone on campus seeking information or entry to the library, bookstore, cafe, as well as all the landmarks on campus. The App is implementing tap technology with the focus of virtual paw cards in mind. The vision is instead of having to keep paw cards the user’s cellular device is the new paw card, it is like paying with apple pay at the store. Our project is also going to have GPS technology built-in along with sensors and actuators to detect hot zones where a notification is sent about the landmark the user is approaching. This virtual tour guide would allow all students to see the historical landmarks that are on campuses such as W.E.B DuBois Statue, Student Movement Boulevard, the temple, the greek plots, and the sacred grass. The Virtual tour along with a tap technology innovation that will work as a virtual paw card on a user device will be our focus on innovating our campus. 
